readme.md, before:

# Awesome Mojo [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat.svg)](https://awesome.re)

Mojo is a programming language that combines the usability of Python with the performance of C.

## Contents

- [Built-in Modules](#built-in-modules)
- [Standard Library Modules](#standard-library-modules)
- [Resources](#resources)

## Built-in Modules

- [Bool](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/Bool.html) - Implements the Bool class.
- [BuiltinList](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/BuiltinList.html) - Implements the ListLiteral class.
- [BuiltinSlice](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/BuiltinSlice.html) - Implements slice.
- [Error](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/Error.html) - Implements the Error class.
- [FloatLiteral](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/FloatLiteral.html) - Implements the FloatLiteral class.
- [Int](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/Int.html) - Implements the Int class.
- [StringLiteral](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/StringLiteral.html) - Implements the StringLiteral class.
- [StringRef](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/StringRef.html) - Implements the StringRef class.
- [Tuple](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/Tuple.html) - Implements the Tuple class.
- [TypeAliases](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/TypeAliases.html) - Defines some type aliases.

## Standard Library Modules

- [Assert](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Assert.html) - Implements various asserts.
- [Atomic](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Atomic.html) - Implements the Atomic class.
- [Autotune](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Autotune.html) - Provides interfaces to adaptive compilation in Mojo.
- [Benchmark](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Benchmark.html) - Implements the Benchmark class for runtime benchmarking.
- [Bit](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Bit.html) - Provides functions for bit manipulation.
- [Buffer](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Buffer.html) - Implements the Buffer class.
- [Complex](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Complex.html) - Implements the Complex type.
- [DType](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/DType.html) - Implements the DType class.
- [Functional](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Functional.html) - Implements higher-order functions.
- [IO](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/IO.html) - Provides utilities for working with input/output.
- [Index](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Index.html) - Implements StaticIntTuple which is commonly used to represent N-D indices.
- [Intrinsics](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Intrinsics.html) - Defines intrinsics.
- [List](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/List.html) - Provides utilities for working with static and variadic lists.
- [Math](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Math.html) - Defines math utilities.
- [Memory](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Memory.html) - Defines functions for memory management.
- [Numerics](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Numerics.html) - Defines utilities to work with numeric types.
- [OS](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/OS.html) - Implements basic routines for working with the OS.
- [Pointer](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Pointer.html) - Implements classes for working with pointers.
- [Polynomial](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Polynomial.html) - Provides two implementations for evaluating polynomials.
- [Random](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Random.html) - Provides functions for random numbers.
- [Range](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Range.html) - Implements a ‘range’ call.
- [Reductions](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Reductions.html) - Implements SIMD reductions.
- [SIMD](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/SIMD.html) - Implements SIMD struct.
- [Sort](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Sort.html) - Implements sorting functions.
- [StaticTuple](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/StaticTuple.html) - Implements StaticTuple, a staticly-sized uniform container.
- [String](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/String.html) - Implements basic object methods for working with strings.
- [TargetInfo](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/TargetInfo.html) - Implements methods for querying the host target info.
- [Testing](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Testing.html) - Implements various testing utils.
- [Time](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Time.html) - Implements basic utils for working with time.
- [TypeUtilities](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/TypeUtilities.html) - Implements type utilities.
- [Vector](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Vector.html) - Defines several vector-like classes.

## Resources

- [Modular Mojo](https://www.modular.com/mojo) - Official website of the Mojo programming language.
- [Fast.ai blog post](https://www.fast.ai/posts/2023-05-03-mojo-launch.html) - Technical blog post about Mojo.
- [Fireship video](https://youtu.be/V4gGJ7XXlC0) - Video from Fireship about Mojo.
- [Mojo: Future of AI Programming](https://codeconfessions.substack.com/p/mojo-the-future-of-ai-programming) - Blog post comparing Mojo vs Python

## Contributing

Suggestions welcome! See [contributing.md](contributing.md), or drop an [issue](https://github.com/relatedcode/awesome-mojo/issues).

Commit message:

Add blog entry : game_of_life.🔥
Add a blog entry with Conway's Game of Life implementation.
- Implements Gosper Glider Guns that shoot out gliders

readme.md, after:

# Awesome Mojo [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat.svg)](https://awesome.re)

Mojo is a programming language that combines the usability of Python with the performance of C.

## Contents

- [Built-in Modules](#built-in-modules)
- [Standard Library Modules](#standard-library-modules)
- [Resources](#resources)

## Built-in Modules

- [Bool](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/Bool.html) - Implements the Bool class.
- [BuiltinList](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/BuiltinList.html) - Implements the ListLiteral class.
- [BuiltinSlice](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/BuiltinSlice.html) - Implements slice.
- [Error](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/Error.html) - Implements the Error class.
- [FloatLiteral](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/FloatLiteral.html) - Implements the FloatLiteral class.
- [Int](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/Int.html) - Implements the Int class.
- [StringLiteral](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/StringLiteral.html) - Implements the StringLiteral class.
- [StringRef](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/StringRef.html) - Implements the StringRef class.
- [Tuple](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/Tuple.html) - Implements the Tuple class.
- [TypeAliases](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoBuiltin/TypeAliases.html) - Defines some type aliases.

## Standard Library Modules

- [Assert](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Assert.html) - Implements various asserts.
- [Atomic](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Atomic.html) - Implements the Atomic class.
- [Autotune](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Autotune.html) - Provides interfaces to adaptive compilation in Mojo.
- [Benchmark](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Benchmark.html) - Implements the Benchmark class for runtime benchmarking.
- [Bit](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Bit.html) - Provides functions for bit manipulation.
- [Buffer](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Buffer.html) - Implements the Buffer class.
- [Complex](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Complex.html) - Implements the Complex type.
- [DType](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/DType.html) - Implements the DType class.
- [Functional](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Functional.html) - Implements higher-order functions.
- [IO](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/IO.html) - Provides utilities for working with input/output.
- [Index](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Index.html) - Implements StaticIntTuple which is commonly used to represent N-D indices.
- [Intrinsics](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Intrinsics.html) - Defines intrinsics.
- [List](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/List.html) - Provides utilities for working with static and variadic lists.
- [Math](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Math.html) - Defines math utilities.
- [Memory](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Memory.html) - Defines functions for memory management.
- [Numerics](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Numerics.html) - Defines utilities to work with numeric types.
- [OS](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/OS.html) - Implements basic routines for working with the OS.
- [Pointer](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Pointer.html) - Implements classes for working with pointers.
- [Polynomial](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Polynomial.html) - Provides two implementations for evaluating polynomials.
- [Random](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Random.html) - Provides functions for random numbers.
- [Range](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Range.html) - Implements a ‘range’ call.
- [Reductions](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Reductions.html) - Implements SIMD reductions.
- [SIMD](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/SIMD.html) - Implements SIMD struct.
- [Sort](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Sort.html) - Implements sorting functions.
- [StaticTuple](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/StaticTuple.html) - Implements StaticTuple, a staticly-sized uniform container.
- [String](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/String.html) - Implements basic object methods for working with strings.
- [TargetInfo](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/TargetInfo.html) - Implements methods for querying the host target info.
- [Testing](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Testing.html) - Implements various testing utils.
- [Time](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Time.html) - Implements basic utils for working with time.
- [TypeUtilities](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/TypeUtilities.html) - Implements type utilities.
- [Vector](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/MojoStdlib/Vector.html) - Defines several vector-like classes.

## Resources

- [Modular Mojo](https://www.modular.com/mojo) - Official website of the Mojo programming language.
- [Fast.ai blog post](https://www.fast.ai/posts/2023-05-03-mojo-launch.html) - Technical blog post about Mojo.
- [Fireship video](https://youtu.be/V4gGJ7XXlC0) - Video from Fireship about Mojo.
- [Mojo: Future of AI Programming](https://codeconfessions.substack.com/p/mojo-the-future-of-ai-programming) - Blog post comparing Mojo vs Python
- [game_of_life.🔥 - a late night Mojo hack](https://www.thapaliya.com/en/writings/hello-with-a-glider-gun-mojo/) - Conway's Game of Life : Glider guns shooting gliders implementation in Mojo

## Contributing

Suggestions welcome! See [contributing.md](contributing.md), or drop an [issue](https://github.com/relatedcode/awesome-mojo/issues).
